Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/raft/state/follower.mdx

### vault.raft.state.follower ((#vault-raft-state-follower))

Metric type | Value   | Description
----------- | ------- | -----------
summary     | number  | Number of times in the configured interval that the raft server became a follower

Nodes transition to `follower` state under the following conditions:

- when the node joins the cluster

> - when a leader election completes but the node was not elected leader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when a leader is elected, but the node was not elected leader
```
